Add org user (#279)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/org_user.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_org_user"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-resource-org-user"
description: |-
  Provides a vCloud Director Organization user. This can be used to create, update, and delete organization users.
---

# vcd\_org\_user

Provides a vCloud Director Org User. This can be used to create, update, and delete organization users, including org administrators.

Supported in provider *v2.4+*

~> **Note:** Only `System Administrator` or `Org Administrator` users can create users.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vcd_org_user" "my-org-admin" {
  org = "my-org"

  name          = "my-org-admin"
  description   = "a new org admin"
  role          = "Organization Administrator"
  provider_type = "INTEGRATED"
  password      = "change-me"

>   enabled       = true

Reviewer: Suggestion: remove enabled from this example, which purpose should be to show the simplest possible way of creating a user.

Also, would be good to have comments above two examples explaining the purpose (and what's the idea behind the second one).

}

resource "vcd_org_user" "test_user_vapp_author" {
  org = "datacloud"
  
  name              = "test_user_vapp_author"
  password_file     = "pwd201907101300.txt"
  full_name         = "test user vapp author"
  description       = "Org user test_user_vapp_author"
  role              = "vApp Author"
  is_enabled        = true
  take_ownership    = true
  provider_type     = "INTEGRATED"
  stored_vm_quota   = 20
  deployed_vm_quota = 20
  instant_messaging = "@test_user_vapp_author"
  email_address     = "test_user_vapp_author@test.company.org"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org` - (Optional) The name of organization to which the VDC belongs. Optional if defined at provider level.
* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the user.
* `password` - (Optional, but required if `password_file` was not given) The user password. This value is never returned 
  on read. It is inspected on create and modify. On modify, the absence of this element indicates that the password 

>   should not be changed.

Reviewer: > On modify, the absence of this element indicates that the password 
>  should not be changed.

This sentence leaves questions... Please rephrase to a more simple sentence describing workflow: how to change the password and how to not change it.

Author: done

* `password_file` (Optional, but required if `password` was not given). A text file containing the password. 

>   Using this property instead of `password` has the advantage that the sensitive data is not saved into Terraform state 

Reviewer: Need a comment on how to update after changing the password in file.

Author: done

  file.
* `provider_type` - (Optional) Identity provider type for this this user. One of: `INTEGRATED`, `SAML`, `OAUTH`. The default
   is `INTEGRATED`.
* `role` - (Required) The role of the user. Role names can be retrieved from the organization. Both built-in roles and
  custom built can be used. The roles normally available are:
    * `Organization Administrator`
    * `Catalog Author`
    * `vApp Author`
    * `vApp User`
    * `Console Access Only`
    * `Defer to Identity Provider`
* `full_name` - (Optional) The full name of the user.
* `description` - (Optional) An optional description of the user.
* `telephone` - (Optional) The Org User telephone number.
* `email_address` - (Optional) The Org User email address. Needs to be a properly formatted email address.
* `instant_messaging` - (Optional) The Org User instant messaging.
* `is_enabled` - (Optional) True if the user is enabled and can log in. The default is `false`.
* `is_group_role` - (Optional) True if this user has a group role.. The default is `false`.
* `is_locked` - (Optional) True if the user account has been locked due to too many invalid login attempts. A locked 

>   user account can be re-enabled by updating the user with this flag set to false. Only the system can set the value to 

Reviewer: > re-enabled by updating the user with this flag set to false

Had a comment above somewhere that this phrasing is confusing.

Author: waiting for suggestions

Reviewer: Just posted one above.

Author: applied

  change to true (only the system can lock the user). To unlock the user re-set this flag to false. 
* `take_ownership` - (Optional) Take ownership of user's objects on deletion.
* `deployed_vm_quota` - (Optional) Quota of vApps that this user can deploy. A value of 0 specifies an unlimited quota.
  The default is 10.
* `stored_vm_quota` - (Optional) Quota of vApps that this user can store. A value of 0 specifies an unlimited quota.
  The default is 10.

> ## Attribute Reference

Reviewer: Extra empty line above?

Author: removed

The following attributes are exported on this resource:

* `id` - The ID of the Organization user

> ## Importing

Reviewer: Extra empty line above?

Author: removed

~> **Note:** The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources into the state. It does not generate
configuration. [More information.][docs-import]

> An existing load balancer server pool can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An existing user can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource
```

Author: changed

org user. For example, using this structure, representing an existing user that was **not** created using Terraform:

```hcl
resource "vcd_org_user" "my-org-admin" {
  org  = "my-org"
  name = "my-org-admin"
  role = "Organization Administrator"
}
```

You can import such user into terraform state using this command

```

> terraform import vcd_org_user.my-org-admin my-org.my-org-admin

Reviewer 3: I am kind'a lost with this example. @lvirbalas  @Didainius  Are understanding this?

Reviewer 2: I do, but I can be a bad example as I've played with this too much :)

Author: @vbauzysvmware Please read the docs. Here's the executive summary:

Terraform import uses a combination of a **minimal definition** of a resource + a import command to retrieve data from the provider and add it to the state file.

The syntax is `terraform import resource_type.resource_name resource_path`
where `resource_path` is how we get to the resource from the top. In our case is `org_name.user_name`.
In places more complicated it could be `org_name.vdc_name.edge_name.service_name`

Reviewer 3: Thank you!
